README.md, before:

# ITI Projects Gallery

A modern, responsive web application designed for ITI students to showcase their coding projects, track progress, and manage submissions through a centralized hub.

## 🚀 Features

- **Project Gallery**: A clean, animated grid view of all approved student projects.
- **Easy Submission**: Dynamic form for students to submit project details, team members, and links.
- **Self-Service Editing**: Secure project updates using email-based lookup.
- **Admin Moderation**: A password-protected panel for visibility management and project moderation.
- **Optimized UX**: Real-time validation, loading states, and toast notifications.
- **Modern Design**: Responsive UI with dark mode support and premium aesthetics.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: Vanilla HTML5, CSS3 (Modern Flex/Grid), and JavaScript (ES6+).
- **Backend/API**: 
  - Google Apps Script (Production)
  - Node.js Mock Server (Local Development)
- **Database**: Google Sheets (used as a lightweight database).

## 👥 Team Members

This project was developed by:

1. **Omar Abdelrahman Abbas Abdelmotalib**
2. **Mahmoud Salah Mahmoud Ahmed**
3. **Ahmed Mohamed Abdelaziz Mohamed**
4. **Mohamed Ramadan El-Araby Ahmed**
5. **Mahmoud Ashraf Mahmoud Labib**

---

### 💻 Local Development

1. Clone the repository.
2. Ensure you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) installed.
3. Run the mock server for testing:
   ```bash
   cd server
   node server.js
   ```
4. Change the environment to `LOCAL` in `assets/js/config.js`.
5. Open `index.html` in your browser.

© 2026 ITI Projects Gallery. Built with passion for the ITI community.

Commit message:

Docs: Update README and remove local server config

README.md, after:

# ITI Projects Gallery
**Version 1.0** | **December 2026**

## Project Overview
ITI Projects Gallery is a web-based system designed to showcase projects created by ITI students during their 9-month training program. The system provides an easy-to-use interface for project submission and editing while maintaining a lightweight infrastructure.

The application uses a serverless architecture, leveraging Google Sheets as the database and Google Apps Script as the API layer, eliminating the need for traditional backend servers.

## Project Objectives
* Enable students to submit projects through a simple web interface.
* Allow students to edit their project submissions after the initial entry.
* Display approved projects in a publicly accessible gallery.
* Maintain a lightweight backend infrastructure using Google Sheets.
* Implement administration and moderation capabilities for visibility control.

## Technology Stack
* **Frontend:** HTML5, CSS3, Vanilla JavaScript.
* **Backend:** Google Apps Script (API Layer).
* **Database:** Google Sheets (Persistence Layer).
* **Hosting:** Static hosting (GitHub Pages / Netlify).

## System Architecture
The application consists of the following core components:

| Page | Filename | Primary Function |
|------|----------|------------------|
| Gallery | index.html | Displays visible projects with search and filters. |
| Submission | submit/index.html | Interface for creating new project entries. |
| Edit | edit/index.html | Allows users to update their existing projects. |
| Admin | admin/index.html | Moderation interface for visibility control. |
| About | about/index.html | System documentation and project information. |

## Team Members
This project was developed by:

1. **Omar Abdelrahman Abbas Abdelmotalib**
2. **Mahmoud Salah Mahmoud Ahmed**
3. **Ahmed Mohamed Abdelaziz Mohamed**
4. **Mohamed Ramadan El-Araby Ahmed**
5. **Mahmoud Ashraf Mahmoud Labib**

---
© 2026 ITI Projects Gallery. Developed for the ITI community.
